returned to Hassan barari he's a
professor of international Affairs at
Qatar University he in the Jordanian
Capital Aman uh Hassan as you may have
heard there multiple reports um most of
them coming of course from Israel
specifically um an Israeli Army Radio
reporter claiming that the the Hamas
military Chief Muhammad de de was the
intended target of these strikes of
course what we do know for certain is
that the consequences are devast stating
for civilians in that particular part of
western Rafa your thoughts on what we're
hearing from
Israel this a question to me yes that's
to you
Hass there was a little disconnect so
sorry yeah no sure what let me let me
repeat that Hass what what I was saying
is I'm Sor what I was saying is that we
there are reports coming from Israel
specifically from an Israeli Army radio
reporter claiming that the intended
target of these multiple Israeli air
strikes was the Hamas military Chief
Muhammad div we have no um way of
independently verifying that of course
but what we can clearly see on our
screens is how devastating these air
strikes have been for the many civilians
crowded there in
alasi yeah you you're right you know I
know Muhammad is a big Target for the
Israelis they've been trying to kill him
for like ages uh so there were there
were several attempts in his life but
they all failed uh we know the
importance of Muhammad as a leader but
uh the question here is this justifiable
to kill like 50 people simply because
you want to kill a military leader uh
where is the humanitarian aspect of it
how the International Community going to
respond to that uh because this is one
more time he was targeted in an area
that was designated by Israel itself to
be safe one for a safe zone for the
Palestinians uh you know even including
the the Hamas people they can go in and
out in this area because it was
designated as as a safe but I think the
Israelis have been using this as a trap
for the Palestinians now in order to
identify the and track down all the
Hamas leaders and try to kill them if
the if the price is killing hundreds of
Palestinians they don't care uh we've
seen this before we've seen this movie
before the Israelis have been committing
a lot of atrocities uh since
2002 they killed Shah Shada and they
killed 16 people and this is this is
collateral damage so one more time the
Israelis have they're very uh
insensitive when it comes to the to the
Palestinian civilian and innocent
people uh Hassan also we know according
to what we've heard from sources in the
United States that previously us
intelligence has been involved in at
least trying to help the Israeli
military locate the leader of Hamas in
Gaza Yaya Sina it does beg the question
whether or not any kind of us
intelligence may have helped support
these apparent strikes looking for
Muhammad
Dev now we all we know is that there's
an American unit working for the with
the Israelis and to provide them with
intelligence I I can't really claim that
Americans are involved in this in this
incident but I don't all this out uh so
the Americans have been providing them
with a lot of information a lot of
intelligence and also the Israelis have
been trying uh uh by using different
means uh to track down Hamas leaders and
and high ranking military leaders in
order to kill them and this helped
Netanyahu in in Israel to be seen as a
Victorious uh leader uh because as we
know majority of Israel see him as
someone who does not fit the bill of
leadership so he wants to send him a
message that he's a strong man he then
he can even kill the uh top military uh
leaders in Hamas uh so from the Israeli
side you know they they want this to
happen now the question can they sell
this to the world uh can they tell the
world that you know Muhammad is you know
quote unquote is terrorist and for this
reason it's okay to kill the civilians I
think they going to have up uphill
battles to convince the International
Community and I think that there will be
an outcry at the at the global level
against this atrocity that is totally
unjustified and as you suggest there I
mean in the past uh Israel has struggled
to provide the world with evidence of
claims I'm talking about the likes of
the AL AXA hospital being used as a
major Command Center for Hamas I mean
the list goes on it does beg the
question whether they will be able to
provide any potential evidence of these
claims that we're
hearing well um this is a very important
point I think the Israelis will
definitely fail to provide any evidence
any sort of evidence and but the
question here they don't care you know
we we have to see this we have to look
at the Israeli attitude in in this war
as someone who is really deaf to what
the word is saying all all their
interest lies in America as long as
America support Israel the Israelis will
believe it's okay uh for them because
there's no price tag there's no clear
price act on the Israeli atrocities
against the Palestinian H and and this
genocidal War has has been on for nine
months and we can't see really
International stand against it I mean
there are some uh we can't we can't talk
about the Civil Society at the inter
International level the global South Etc
we can see even some Western Capital
voicing their critique against Israel
but Israel is is is not punished by by
what uh by it its its Deeds in
Gaza Hassan badi thank you so much for
your analysis for now as we continue
with our extended coverage of this
developing story from Gaza if you are
joining us here on Al jazer we have been
reporting on some breaking news from
Gaza where Israeli air strikes have
killed at least 50 people in the al-
maasi area that's west of can yunas
medical sources have told Al jazer that
dozens are injured Israeli war planes
reportedly fired missiles at displaced
Palestinians living in tents they also
targeted civil defense Personnel
responding to the attacks dozens of
injured Palestinians have been taken to
the nearby Nasser Hospital in can yunes